
https://codepen.io/kelseywn/pen/xxVvZXo?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
It tells the meaning to the browser and the developers

2. What is HTML used for? 
To create the foundation of a website

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
It is a tag that requires a name and value and lets us change an element. It goes in the opening tag

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is for the largest heading and should be used once per page

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
input, select, textarea

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The title and link to CSS

7. What is an id? 
It's an attribute that refers to a specific element in the html

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any element

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once

10. What is a class? 
It's an attribute that refers to certain elements in the html

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any element

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many as we want

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a href="your link">your link</a>

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
If an image can't be displayed, it will show the alternate text that you provide

15. How do I reference an id?
#

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section is used to define sections in the html but div is just used to add style to an element in css

17. What is CSS used for? 
to style an element

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {
}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
a class can identify multiple elements, an id can identify only one. You could use id on the title and class on the main content.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
It selects a child inside of a parent. Use it when you want to change the style of something inside of another element without changing the whole element

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a:link

24. What is a pseudo selector?
It specifies a state the element is in like if a user were to mouse over or click on 

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase
text-transform: lowercase
text-transform: capitalize

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
    border: 1px dotted black;
}

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{
}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm -r
Be careful because it won't prompt you and you could lose a lot of work

34. Why should I use version control? 
To help collaborate with others, keep track of versions, and not lose any work

35. How often should I commit to github?
often, whenever you finish a step

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin master

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 


Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline displays elements next to each other, block displays elements on top of each other

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
elements absolutely positioned are on their own layer. They position based on its container not by other elements

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
margin: 0 auto;

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
block: address, p, header  inline: a, img  inline-block: button

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
Content is first covered by padding, then border, and then the margin. Use the width property and make sure you know which elements are the children and parent because the child can only go as wide as the parent.


